And, well, guys, here 's the nox end of
use paint on the br and the structure is
something to teach you how to install
translation for the game the test for the
Brazilian Portuguese
good first sketches go there
gamer introduction of the sting version and the
Pirate version of the game two links in there
direct stream video description
of the site of the plot of the game a cadastre
to be able to download
the second link option will be much more
easy you will not need to do
registration and no place to download
files you will just click on
download team will download the
beauty translation is good to have downloaded the
file has the option you 62 clix for
This is where I worked, but if you want
You can read it carefully but I will not.
read because I'm liking tutorial and not
I want the passage to be very angled.
wait 10 seconds to release this
button next to this error
You will click ok, you will click
auto search or search
manual
I'll apply the manual search goes
select where you installed the game from
folder where you are the game beauty in the
if it 's in the c files let's put
program x86 other east-west launcher
click on it and click open gives a
next and install finish
translation neighborhood the installation site
tribe game
here you can close and end now
I'll show you that the recording
is running 100% in the game
Geezer, how can you see the game?
We have translated the rest
credits popular options
siblings I am seeing from the base menu
translated into your new game here is
translated
I'll show you the subtitles and the
notes that are translated the notion
while operating 100% not even a bug
How are you in the subtitles there?
underneath fully translated
alá translated translated documents
produced fully translated game
Beauty will close here.
I was totally translated there 100%
I hope you enjoyed the video if
liked it or click liked it add to
plagiarism of i and ii help
escape do not like it too if you can
share with your friends the video
beauty but if you want obviously
I was going to stay here and I hope you have
liked
A hug and until the next I went